c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\bin\Debug\workshopware.exe
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\bin\Debug\workshopware.pdb
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\bin\Debug\workshopware.xml
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmClientes.resources
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmMenu.resources
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmTecnicos.resources
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.Resources.resources
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.exe
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.xml
c:\users\profesorx\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.pdb
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmProveedores.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmProducto.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmConProducto.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmServicio.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmAsignacionProductos.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmEquipos.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmReportes.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmFechaSalida.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmFechaEntrada.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmFechaProgramada.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\workshopware.frmConstancia.resources
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\ProfesorX\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\workshopware\workshopware\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
